Clarify topic configuration in stf-connectors.yaml (#467)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_creating-openstack-environment-file-for-multiple-clouds.adoc

endif::include_when_13,include_when_17[]
* Replace the `host` sub-parameter of `MetricsQdrConnectors` with the value that you retrieved in xref:retrieving-the-qdr-route-address_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
* Set `topic` value of `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig` to define the topic for Ceilometer events. The value is a unique topic idenifier for the cloud such as `cloud1-event`.
* Set `topic` value of `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig.topic` to define the topic for Ceilometer metrics. The value is a unique topic identifier for the cloud such as `cloud1-metering`.
* Set `CollectdAmqpInstances` sub-paramter to define the topic for collectd events. The section name is a unique topic identifier for the cloud such as `cloud1-notify`.
* Set `CollectdAmqpInstances` sub-parameter to define the topic for collectd metrics. The section name is a unique topic identifier for the cloud such as `cloud1-telemetry`.
ifndef::include_when_13[]
* Set `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` to define the topic for collectd-sensubility events. The value is a unique topic identifier for the cloud such as `sensubility/cloud1-telemetry`.
endif::[]
+
[NOTE]
====

> When defining the topics for collectd and Ceilometer, the value provided is transposed into the full topic that the Smart Gateway client will listen for messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you define the topics for collectd and Ceilometer, the value you provide is transposed into the full topic that the Smart Gateway client uses to listen for messages.
```

Ceilometer topic values are transposed into the topic address `anycast/ceilometer/<TOPIC>.sample` and collectd topic values are transposed into the topic address `collectd/<TOPIC>`.
ifndef::include_when_13[The value for sensubility is the full topic path and has no transposition from topic value to topic address.]

> For an example that shows a cloud configuration in the `ServiceTelemetry` object referring to the full topic address, see xref:clouds_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].

Reviewer: For an example of a cloud configuration in the `ServiceTelemetry` object referring to the full topic address, see xref:clouds_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].
```suggestion
For an example that shows a cloud configuration in the `ServiceTelemetry` object referring to the full topic address, see xref:clouds_assembly-installing-the-core-components-of-stf[].
```
